## These are the steps I followed to build and use on Windows

1. I used git bash with my .bash_profile and .bashrc like the following
    #### .bashrc

    alias make='/c/MinGW/bin/mingw32-make'

    alias g++='/c/MinGW/bin/mingw32-g++'

    #### .bash_profile
    \# generated by Git for Windows

    \# >>> conda initialize >>>

    \# !! Contents within this block are managed by 'conda init' !!

    eval "$('/c/Users/micha/Anaconda3/Scripts/conda.exe' 'shell.bash' 'hook')"

    \# <<< conda initialize <<<


    test -f ~/.profile && . ~/.profile

    test -f ~/.bashrc && . ~/.bashrc

2. Installed LLVM and mingw64 by following these [steps](http://blog.johannesmp.com/2015/09/01/installing-clang-on-windows-pt2/).

3. Downloaded and install Microsoft Build Tools from [here](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/). Scroll down to Tools for Visual Studio 2019 and expand those options. Download "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019" (when installing I also installed build tools for Visual Studio 2017 since that's the version I have).

4. I added DT_MSVC_PATH as an environment variable as the error message suggested to where it's installed on my PC.

5. I added and edited functions to the Wheel class in wheel.py under the Tags section to get the tags. My version is located [here](https://github.com/skols/datatable/blob/master/ci/xbuild/wheel.py). I still need to refactor this to remove some duplicate functions.

6. I ran "make build" and "make wheel".

7. After the wheel is created, I had to rename it to install it via pip. If the name was "...cp37-cp37m-win_amd64.whl", I renamed it to "...cp37-none-any.whl" to get it to install. Same thing with cp38 version. I use conda but couldn't get conda-build installed so I couldn't try that.
